It is hard to choose my favorite traveling experience and I have been extremely lucky in my traveling opportunities. Each has been a life changing experience for very different reasons. In high school I was lucky enough to go to South Africa to visit some family and was able to travel around to Zambia Zimbabwe and Botswana. Then was able to do an expedition trip with my HS to Kenya to climb Mt Kenya and climbed to 17k ft. The same year I went with my family to Europe as purely a vacation which was a really nice graduation gift. In college I studied abroad for a month in India working with The 17th Karmapa, the head Lama of the Karma Kagyu lineage of Tibetan Buddhism, living in exile in Dharmsala. We worked closely with him writing a book called "The Heart is Noble; Changing the World from the Inside Out." Since then I was able to go on a solo trip through Europe visiting friends in England, Berlin and Finland. My friend in England is a part of the royal family so I was able to stay on her family's estate in their various castles. Then went through Amsterdam where I met a famous dutch actress and got to really take in Amsterdam. I took a train to Berlin stayed with a good friend to see what life was like for him there while seeing the sites. Through Copenhagen, I ate some of the best food I have ever eaten in my life, including the best tacos I will probably ever have. A small taco shop opened by a world renowned Mexican chef offered authentic and incredible food. I went up to Stockholm by train and met a journalist who offered me her apartment to stay in while I was there because she was going to be watching and staying at a friend's house. I was able to experience what living in a small flat in Sweden was like for a few days and I went by boat up into the archipelago to see some of the smaller Swedish towns and I cannot comprehend the beauty of these little towns. Finally I took a flight over to Finland to visit an old college buddy and stayed with him and his family. He showed me around Helsinki and how people there live and how to properly sauna. This trip was really a return to myself it felt like after a few years of feeling stagnant and a bit lost. There have been many little trips within the US, but for me now, I don't really consider it traveling if I am somewhere on this continent. I am only thinking of what and when I can do my next trip. I am hoping that it will not be nearly as long until I can do it again as the last span of time between trips. 
